wiced_rtos_create_thread wiced_rtos_create_thread_rom
wiced_rtos_delete_thread wiced_rtos_delete_thread_rom
wiced_rtos_thread_join wiced_rtos_thread_join_rom
wiced_rtos_thread_force_awake wiced_rtos_thread_force_awake_rom
wiced_rtos_is_current_thread wiced_rtos_is_current_thread_rom
wiced_rtos_create_worker_thread wiced_rtos_create_worker_thread_rom
wiced_rtos_init_event_flags wiced_rtos_init_event_flags_rom
wiced_rtos_wait_for_event_flags wiced_rtos_wait_for_event_flags_rom
wiced_rtos_set_event_flags wiced_rtos_set_event_flags_rom
wiced_rtos_deinit_event_flags wiced_rtos_deinit_event_flags_rom
wiced_rtos_init_semaphore wiced_rtos_init_semaphore_rom
wiced_rtos_deinit_semaphore wiced_rtos_deinit_semaphore_rom
wiced_rtos_get_semaphore wiced_rtos_get_semaphore_rom
wiced_rtos_set_semaphore wiced_rtos_set_semaphore_rom
wiced_rtos_init_mutex wiced_rtos_init_mutex_rom
wiced_rtos_lock_mutex wiced_rtos_lock_mutex_rom
wiced_rtos_unlock_mutex wiced_rtos_unlock_mutex_rom
wiced_rtos_deinit_mutex wiced_rtos_deinit_mutex_rom
wiced_rtos_init_queue wiced_rtos_init_queue_rom
wiced_rtos_push_to_queue wiced_rtos_push_to_queue_rom
wiced_rtos_pop_from_queue wiced_rtos_pop_from_queue_rom
wiced_rtos_deinit_queue wiced_rtos_deinit_queue_rom
wiced_rtos_is_queue_empty wiced_rtos_is_queue_empty_rom
wiced_rtos_is_queue_full wiced_rtos_is_queue_full_rom
wiced_rtos_get_queue_occupancy wiced_rtos_get_queue_occupancy_rom
wiced_rtos_init_timer wiced_rtos_init_timer_rom
wiced_rtos_start_timer wiced_rtos_start_timer_rom
wiced_rtos_stop_timer wiced_rtos_stop_timer_rom
wiced_rtos_deinit_timer wiced_rtos_deinit_timer_rom
wiced_rtos_is_timer_running wiced_rtos_is_timer_running_rom
wiced_rtos_delay_milliseconds wiced_rtos_delay_milliseconds_rom
wiced_rtos_send_asynchronous_event wiced_rtos_send_asynchronous_event_rom
wiced_rtos_register_timed_event wiced_rtos_register_timed_event_rom
wiced_bt_stack_init wiced_bt_stack_init_rom
wiced_bt_init wiced_bt_init_rom
